Reference Migration Guide in README (#18)
stackitcloud/terraform-provider-stackit: MIGRATION.md

# Migration Guide

> In this guide we want to offer some strategy for a migration of configurations to this new official provider. In relation to the [Terraform community provider](https://github.com/SchwarzIT/terraform-provider-stackit), some attribute names and structure have changed, as well as the internal resource ID structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide we want to offer some strategy for a migration of configurations or existing resources to the STACKIT official provider. In relation to the [Terraform community provider](https://github.com/SchwarzIT/terraform-provider-stackit), some attribute names and structure have changed, as well as the internal resource ID structure.
```
